DOCS-3182: Condense payment method pages (#2118)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/pay-later/klarna/_index.md

    K->>C: Sends invoice (you can customize the invoice) 
    C->>K: Completes payment with preferred payment method
    K->>Mu: Transfers funds 
    Mu->>Me: Settles funds (within 21 days)

{{< /mermaid >}}
&nbsp;  

{{< details title= "Payment statuses" >}}

**Order status:** Changes as the customer's order with you progresses towards shipment (independent of payment)

**Transaction status:** Changes as the funds progress towards settlement in your MultiSafepay balance

For more information, see [Payment statuses](/payments/payment-statuses/).

| Payments | Order status | Transaction status |
|---|---|---|
| The customer has been redirected to Klarna. <br> You can still cancel with Klarna using the reservation number. | Initialized   | Initialized  |
| Klarna has authorized the transaction and the funds are awaiting capture. <br> (You can no longer cancel; you can only refund.) | Completed  | Uncleared  |
| **Important:** To capture the funds, [manually change the order status to Shipped](/payment-methods/klarna/#shipping-orders). | Shipped | Uncleared |
| MultiSafepay has collected payment. | Shipped    | Completed  |

> | The transaction expired after 1 hour or you didn't [change the order status to Shipped](/about-payments/pay-later-shipped-status/) within 28 days. <br> See [Expired orders](/payment-methods/klarna/#expired-orders).  | Expired    | Expired    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The transaction expired after 1 hour or you didn't [change the order status to Shipped](#shipping-orders) within 28 days. <br> See [Expired orders](/payment-methods/klarna/#expired-orders).  | Expired    | Expired    |

```

{{< /mermaid >}}
&nbsp;  

{{< details title= "Payment statuses" >}}

**Order status:** Changes as the customer's order with you progresses towards shipment (independent of payment)

**Transaction status:** Changes as the funds progress towards settlement in your MultiSafepay balance

For more information, see [Payment statuses](/payments/payment-statuses/).

| Payments | Order status | Transaction status |
|---|---|---|
| The customer has been redirected to Klarna. <br> You can still cancel with Klarna using the reservation number. | Initialized   | Initialized  |
| Klarna has authorized the transaction and the funds are awaiting capture. <br> (You can no longer cancel; you can only refund.) | Completed  | Uncleared  |
| **Important:** To capture the funds, [manually change the order status to Shipped](/payment-methods/klarna/#shipping-orders). | Shipped | Uncleared |
| MultiSafepay has collected payment. | Shipped    | Completed  |
| The transaction expired after 1 hour or you didn't [change the order status to Shipped](#shipping-orders) within 28 days. <br> See [Expired orders](/payment-methods/klarna/#expired-orders).  | Expired    | Expired    |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Responding to disputes
- Accepting losses

{{< /details >}}

## Activation and integration

| | |
|---|---|
| **Activation** | [Klarna activation](/payments/activating-payment-methods/#klarna) |
| **Checkout options** | [Payment pages](/payment-pages/) ([current version](/payment-pages/activation/) only) |
| **Testing** | [Test payment details](/testing/test-payment-details/#pay-later-methods) |
| **API** | [Create order](https://docs-api.multisafepay.com/reference/createorder) > Pay later order <br> Examples > Klarna direct/redirect |
| **Ready-made integrations** | Supported in all [ready-made integrations](/integrations/ready-made/) (redirect). |

{{< details title="Gift cards with pay later methods" >}}

When paying with a gift card and a [pay later method](/payments/methods/pay-later/), customers must enter the gift card details **before** placing their order, i.e. on your checkout page. 

This is because pay later methods collect and require precise order specifications. Our platform would interpret the gift card as a discount and generate incorrect order information, e.g. tax calculations.

You are solely responsible for this in your integration.

{{< /details >}}

> {{< details title="Known errors" >}}

Reviewer: Maybe we should put "Known errors" after "Configuring the Klarna gateway"?

Author: Yup, sure.

    - /payments/methods/klarna/product-rules/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/product-rules/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/overview/
    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/payment-flow/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/payment-flow/
    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/integration-and-testing/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/integration-testing/
    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/activation/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/activation/
    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/user-guide/handling-errors/
    - /payment-methods/klarna/handling-errors/
---
[Klarna](https://www.klarna.com/) is a flexible online payment method that lets customers pay now, in 30 days, or in 3-4 installments. It also offers financing. Customers are only charged for the items they keep from the order. Klarna bears the risk and guarantees settlement.

[See how Klarna can benefit your business!](https://www.multisafepay.com/solutions/payment-methods/klarna)

## Overview

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
| **Countries**  | Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, The Netherlands  | 

> | **Currencies**  | EUR, GBP, SEK, NOK, DKK  | 

Reviewer: Do we support GBP if we don't support the UK?

Author: Yeah, I know, it's weird. I double checked on the Confluence Klarna bible. Will triple check with Michiel.

| MultiSafepay has collected payment. | Shipped    | Completed  |
| The transaction expired after 1 hour or you didn't [change the order status to Shipped](/about-payments/pay-later-shipped-status/) within 28 days. <br> See [Handling expired orders](/payment-methods/klarna/handling-expired-orders/).  | Expired    | Expired    |
| Klarna authorized the transaction, but either you or the customer cancelled it before capture. | Void   | Void |
| Klarna declined the transaction. <br> Only the customer can contact Klarna to find out why (for privacy and compliance reasons). <br> For merchant support, email <klarna@multisafepay.com> | Declined | Declined |
|**Refunds**|||
| Refund initiated. | Initialized | Completed |
| Refund complete.  | Completed | Completed |

{{< /details >}}

### Shipping orders

When you ship the order, you **must** manually change the order status to **Shipped**:

> - Captures the funds

Reviewer: Think there is a missing connection here.

Author: Fixed!
